# Security Policies and Workstation Standardization
We defined a set of security policies and standardization policies that can be reviewed, or changed, according to both the needs and the plans of the company.
The objective is to have strong and cohesive security policies thought according to all roles and teams in the company.
For this MVP presentation we’ll look at the password policy applied and least privileged policies, we selected two that we considered relevant. Finally we have a look at the wallpaper when users login, regarding standardization we also applied a Taskbar policy to all users.

Policies and how they work:
Password Policy: Users will have to set a password on first log in, users will have a 30 day period for each password, different from the previous 8 passwords (when applied) and use special characters to enhance security.

1) Enforce password history: last 8 passwords
2) Maximum password age: 30 days
3) Minimum password age: 29 days
4) Minimum password length: 10 characters
5) Password must meet complexity requirement

Lockout Period: Lockout Period forces users to wait in case of wrong password combinations. This enhances security and mitigates possible brute force and dictionary attacks.

1) Account lockout duration: 20 minutes
2) Account lockout threshold: 5 invalid logon attempts
3) Allow administrator account lockout: Enable
4) Reset account lockout counter after: 15 minutes

Change System Time: Only the IT manager can change the System Time. This can prevent several issues such as computers that belong to a domain not be able to authenticate themselves, time stamps on event log entries could be made inaccurate, time stamps on files and folders that are created or modified could be incorrect or other critical issues.

Disabled Windows Installer: All users and employees will only not be able to install any software via Windows Installer. Only applications previously approved by the IT team. Executables and Scripts can still be runned..

Wallpaper: All SecureEdge Inc. employees share the same wallpaper

Taskbar: All taskbar settings are locked, users can’t resize, move or rearrange the taskbar, they also lose access to the taskbar control panel, this way all employees share the same taskbar and wallpaper. We also disabled all balloon notifications and future advertisement balloon notifications. 
